Anthy -- Japanese Kana-Kanji Conversion Engine Library
							-*- text -*-

What's Anthy?
=============

Anthy is a library for Japanese Kana-Kanji conversion, targeted for
Japanese text input.

See following page for Anthy development:
	http://wiki.debian.org/Teams/DebianAnthy
	http://git.debian.org/?p=collab-maint/anthy.git;a=summary


What's New?
===========

See the file NEWS for information on new features and other
user-visible changes in recent versions of Anthy.


Installation
============

The file INSTALL says how to build and install Anhty on your system.


Anthy Dictionary (anthy.dic)
============================

Here is a figure to explain how Anthy Dictionary (anthy.dic) is
generated.

   depgraph/*.depword
   depgraph/conjugate.table
    ---[depgraph/mkdepgraph]---> anthy.dep (1)

   mkworddic/{extra.t,compound.t,adjust.t,utf8.t,udict},
   alt-cannadic/{gcanna.ctd,gcannf.ctd,gtankan.ctd,g_fname.t}
    ---[mkworddic/mkworddic]---> anthy.wdic (2)

   "initial anthy.dic"
   calctrans/corpus.?.txt
    ---[calctrans/{proccorpus,calctrans}]---> corpus_info (3-1)
    					      weak_words  (3-2)

      calctrans/{corpus_info,weak_words} (3-1,3-2)
       ---[calctrans/calctrans]---> anthy.cand_info (3)
       				    anthy.trans_info (4)
				    anthy.corpus_array (5)
				    anthy.corpus_bucket (6)
      				    anthy.weak_words (7)

         (1) depgraph/anthy.dep
         (2) mkworddic/anthy.wdic
         (3) calctrans/anthy.cand_info
         (4) calctrans/anthy.trans_info
         (5) calctrans/anthy.corpus_array
         (6) calctrans/anthy.corpus_bucket
         (7) calctrans/anthy.weak_words
          ---[mkanthydic/mkfiledic]--->anthy.dic

Note that we need "initial anthy.dic" to generate anthy.dic,
that's because proccorpus uses Anthy Dictionary.


Licensing
=========

Anthy library is released under the terms of the GNU Lesser General
Public Licence 3 (or later), i.e., LGPLv3+.  See the file COPYING.LIB
and COPYING for detail.

Since most of source files are released under the terms of LGPLv2 (or
later), you might use parts of code under LGPLv2.  See COPYING.LIB2_1
for detail.

Dictionary files under alt-cannadic/ and mkworddic/ are taken from
"Alternative Cannadic" Project (alt-cannadic), which is released under
the terms of GPLv2.  See alt-cannadic/COPYING for detail.

For more licensing information in general, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-faq.html>


History
=======

Anthy project was hosted at SourceForge.JP.

	http://anthy.sourceforge.jp/
	http://anthy.sourceforge.jp/cgi-bin/hiki/hiki.cgi

Since February 2009, development at there stopped, and requests to join
mailing list has been ignored.

In May 2010, NIIBE Yutaka <gniibe@fsij.org> arranged Git repository at
alioth.debian.org, put some of released versions of Anthy and Debian
packaging code into the repository, and took over the development
lead.


Authors & Credits
=================

See AUTHORS and THANKS.

-- 
This file is part of Anthy.

Anthy is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

Anthy is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
for more details.
